ZTNA APIs [Public Preview] (#21578)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/networkaccess-crosstenantaccesssettings-update.md

---
title: "Update crossTenantAccessSettings"

> description: "Updates the network packet tagging status for a user's tenant ID to enforce Tenant Restrictions Policies (TRv2 Policies) that prevent data exfiltration to external tenants."

Reviewer: Same suggestions as in the GET doc.

ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: identity-and-access
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update crossTenantAccessSettings
Namespace: microsoft.graph.networkaccess

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update the properties of a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.crossTenantAccessSettings](../resources/networkaccess-crosstenantaccesssettings.md) object.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|NetworkAccess.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)| Not supported|
|Application|NetworkAccess.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
PATCH /networkAccess/settings/crossTenantAccess
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body
[!INCLUDE [table-intro](../../includes/update-property-table-intro.md)]

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |networkPacketTaggingStatus|microsoft.graph.networkaccess.status| network packet tagging status. The possible values are: `enabled`, `disabled`. Required.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|networkPacketTaggingStatus|microsoft.graph.networkaccess.status| Whether tenant restrictions are enabled in cross-tenant access for the traffic profiles and the Global Secure Access service should tag the network packets. The possible values are: `enabled`, `disabled`. |
```
